torn from the comment section quote you
can't ask people to turn a blind eye
with something as important as their
core moral beliefs
this isn't people preferring different
types of pizza toppings it's a
fundamental pillar of their existence
it's more equivalent to one of you being
atheist in the other being a
fundamentalist Muslim or one of you
being a civil rights activist and the
other being racist the comment of just
quoted was posted to Jacko backhoes
channel not to my own I've said many
similar things on this channel over the
years this has been an issue of disgust
for many angles publicly and privately
you can ask yourself as its thought
experiment whoever it is you're in love
with whoever it is you're married to
would you stay with them or would you
break up if they convert it to
fundamentalist Islam if they really
started believing and practicing the
Muslim faith it's a very peculiar
parallel it's imperfect in very
interesting ways because the truth is
that it is possible to be a morally good
person while being a member of the
Muslim faith it is possible to be vegan
while being a member of the Muslim faith
and from a vegan perspective it is not
possible to be a morally good person
well being a meat-eater while drinking
cow's milk while eating eggs while using
leather and it is especially impossible
to be morally good person while eating
meat and dairy and while having a
YouTube channel that actively ridicules
and insults vegans that makes 80 vegan
arguments that presents excuses for why
people are teat me so
so the position that wacko Jacko is in
on that side reflects a set of moral
issues I've talked about on this channel
since day one it's come up again and
again and again this is linked to what
it was that I wrote to Jacko's
girlfriend on Instagram what I said to
her Instagram I would say to her in an
email or in a Facebook message or
face-to-face in a cafe from the start of
this channel I was dealing with the fact
that I was recently separated separated
and not divorced whatever you want to
say and looking forward to the future of
course the odds were I'd end up dating
or marrying a single mom and the odds
were it would not be a vegan single mom
even being on a university campus and
meeting women who were younger than me
almost none of them are vegan almost
none have anything in common with me
intellectually and morally this way and
it's a huge barrier to both potential
romance and the actual mechanics of a
relationship if for you veganism is the
moral baseline wow did that phrase ever
go to fashion around 2016 if you really
take veganism seriously from an ethical
and ecological perspective then
naturally dating someone falling in love
with someone living with someone who
eats meat you can't help but regard them
as immoral and irresponsible but if
they're just ignorant if they've never
heard of veganism before they met you
and fell in love with you that's one
thing if they used to be a vegan
activist a proponent of veganism and
then they became an ex vegan and then
they became an anti vegan they went from
being someone who made the time on
YouTube to come out and give lectures
propelling the ioan ism in this case
ridiculing X things and then they make a
transition over the opposite extreme of
presenting excuses for what they ought
to mean why everyone ought to mean it's
a very very difficult situation to
reconcile yourself to to resign yourself
to now the real reason I'm making this
video at this time I mean there are a
lot of different angles about this that
are slightly interesting to me you know
Jacko
YouTube isn't for everybody being a
public figure isn't for everybody
and a lot of people have written in to
me asking for advice over the years a
stereotypical person asking for advice
the email would be something like this
they'd say they care so much about
veganism in the future the vegan
movement they want to do activism they
want to use YouTube as a way to meet
other activists pursue something
positive there are philosophical ones
that want to discuss they're really
positive motivated but they're fragile
because they have an eating disorder
they have they can't stand to have
people saying insulting things about
their appearance on the internet
sometimes instead it's that they have a
very delicate work situation if some
controversy on YouTube gets out of
control
it's as happen in my own life repeatedly
this could end up with them losing their
job or having some impact that kind or
family commitments there are some other
elements holding them back even though
they have that strong sense of mission
and mandate to do something positive
through YouTube connected to veganism
and I think in every single one of those
cases where someone who wrote in to me
that way I wrote back and said don't do
it
YouTube is not for everyone the
sacrifices I've made and the compromises
I've made they are not for everyone I
went to a job interview today a little
bit more informal than a job interview
and I know that died my potential
employer my potential coworker you know
he knows about my Instagram you know
split my youtube channel he can draw his
own conclusions and all that the same
way he can look at my resume and draws
conclusions on that too
I'm willing to live with that I'm
willing to make that sacrifice make
compromises and I did it for the future
of the vegan movement because it's not
really cared about and also bring it
back to the earlier statement whether
you're talking about the people you date
and fall in love with and get married to
or if you're talking about people who
are our friends you know I came on
YouTube in the first place to make
friends I didn't want to live a life
alone in a 21st century if you move
around the globe as much as I do it's
really easy to be alone right now I'm
living in Taiwan I'm living in a city in
Taiwan I've never lived in before when I
moved to Victoria I'd never lived in
Victoria before my life I've kept moving
Europe Canada Asia again and again again
from one country to another it's very
very easy to be alone and of course the
problem with the pursuit of political
progress is that's exactly what you
can't do alone the two things I struggle
with the most pursuit of political
progress and language study language
practice you really need other people in
your life so for me it was like look if
I come here on YouTube even if it messes
up my work situation my education
situation even those other negative
impacts in my life which it has it's
worth it because I want to know other
vegans I want to have colleagues won't
have friends for the movement for other
political and philosophical reasons too
and when I come here Jacko some of those
things may have been true for you just a
few months ago okay you might have
looked at it as a balance of you know
risk and reward or advantages and
disadvantages but Jacko 1/2 the balance
is now empty ok
you're no longer a vegan you no longer
have that positive motivation I got a
message from your girlfriend today and
it really shows that she's suffering
that she's not cut out for this that
she's not able to cope with this
situation she's put you in
and I gotta tell you that message comes
to me as a surprise right cause I mean
jack oh look at your public profile the
internet and look at hers I might have
expected her to be a totally
self-confident sassy pole dancer it's
one of the few things we know about her
as pole dancing um who could handle all
this in a rut relaxed self coughing air
and say well you know fair's fair
look at how many people Jaco has
insulted in a coarse and crude way on
the Internet in the last couple of years
look at you know the stack of you know
there's so many peculiar levels of irony
of this but like Jaco if we were to use
your past conduct as a metric here if we
were to say do unto others as you would
have them do unto you
you know Jaco I have not been nearly as
cruel and I have not been nearly as
crude to you as you have been to other
ex negan's in the past okay I haven't
gone after you and I haven't gone after
your girlfriend the way you went after
everyone that was a big part of what
your channel was about right and you
know you know you have really coarse
vulgar jokes about sex about everything
on your channel you know that you've
really gone after people in that way
so I might have expected her to have
detached rough-and-tumble attitude
towards this I might have expected you
to have it attached rough-and-tumble
attitude towards this but what this
exercise has shown us is that the both
of you are very fragile
you're really not cut out for this life
you're not cut out for the dangers and
disadvantages of what happens here on
YouTube Jacko if you think I'm bad if
you think I am the worst that YouTube
has to offer you're wrong there are
people who will go after your mom the
way they went after my mom there are
people who will get in touch with your
ex-girlfriends and pulled them out of
context and make allegations against you
in the
the way there were people went after my
experiments there are people who will go
after the records of your mental health
problems that you vaguely alluded to and
will go after you with the record of the
mental help you've gotten whatever drugs
you've been on what-have-you okay there
are people who play by much more
rough-and-tumble rules than I do and
there are people whose feelings you've
heard I think what the both of you are
not really prepared for it's both you
being Jack Owen is his girlfriend it's
just the fact that when I came on here I
wasn't trolling none of this is a joke
to me on someone who's really sincerely
interested in the question of how vegans
and non-vegans can share the same
apartment can share the same kitchen
ultimately how they can share the same
planet the tension is very real and
again if you're talking about a vegan
falling in love with someone who's never
heard of veganism that's very very
different from falling in love with
somebody who understood veganism who
used to propel in and support veganism
someone who's a vegan activist who then
becomes an ex vegan and even an anti
vegan if the two of you want to stay
together and you want to have your
freaky pole dancing life do it in
private Jacko the message I got from
your girlfriend today showed me that
she's not cut out for this she cannot
deal with the rough-and-tumble reality
of being a public figure on YouTube a
public figure on the Internet and there
is not now any positive reason for you
to make those sacrifices because you're
no longer pursuing something positive
like the future of the vegan movement
it's not like you gave up veganism but
now you're on an equally important moral
crusade here on YouTube it's not like
you switched from that to I don't know
reporting on the body count from the
ongoing civil war in Syria or something
it's not like you threw yourself into
the politic
of Myanmar or feeding the homeless or
you don't okay
you've gone from being someone who is a
coarse crude comedian with a mission to
someone who is coarse crude and self
video the only advice I can give you is
quit now